Additional Information
Language 
English - Professional working proficiency
Additional Information
An analyst and software developer that holds a master's degree from Brazilian Aeronautics Institute 
of Technology (ITA) with focus in High Performance Computing. Has skills and knowledge about 
parallel (shared and distributed memory) software design, code optimization, data processing, 
algorithm and data structures. Also have interest in linux kernel programming, benchmarks 
techniques, ARM architecture and computational geometry.
Additional Information
QUALIFICATIONS 
 
Well-accomplished Member of Association for Computing Machinery - ACM, of the Brazilian Computer 
Society - SBC and Senior Member of Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineering - IEEE, with 19+ 
years of industry experience with systems development for the Internet and heterogeneous systems 
integration. Solid experience in modeling of environment and business processes to be represented on 
Integration Systems environment (EAI). Solid experience with research & development and incorporating 
research results into products. Experienced with distribution and parallelism concerns on the development of 
commercial and scientific projects. Fluent in English and experienced in working in multidisciplinary and 
geographically distributed teams, delegating responsibilities when necessary. Worked in offshore projects with 
USA teams.
Additional Information
SharePoint, .NET C#, Angular, BizTalk
Additional Information
EXPERIENCE:  
PHP, Angular.JS, Node.JS, Strongloop, Loopback, Meteor.JS, Cordova, JavaScript, Jquery, Html5, Css e Bootstrap. 
Architecture MVC, Object Oriented Programming,  
Database Modeling. 
Relational and non-relational database: Mysql, Postgres, SQL-Server e MongoDB. 
Agile Methodology SCRUM. 
Versioning system GIT and SVN 
Automation of front-end build with Grunt.
Additional Information
I am passionate about software development area and I have worked more than 14 years developing solutions, taught many students about the techniques and tricks of software development, like design patterns, algorithms, Java, Python, PHP, web structure, html, css, javascript and others things. 
 
In December of 2016 I started the Machine Learning nanodegree program of Udacity, in which I learn a lot of things about data science, data exploring and prediction algorithms, using python, pandas, matplot and other tools.
