Additional Information
Methodologies 
 
Full stack web developer with 8+ years of developing innovative solutions to meet ever- 
changing business requirements. Advanced skill with leading-edge programming tools 
by proven ability to assimilate and rapidly use emerging technologies. 
 
Technical proficiencies include 
 
Environments Windows, Java Enterprise Edition 
 
AngularJS, CSS, ElasticSearch, Git, Google Chrome Extension, 
Programming HTML5, Java, Java EE, JavaScript, jQuery, JUnit, Maven, MySQL, 
Rest and several others 
 
Object-oriented Design (OOD), Agile Development, Technical 
Development 
Documentation, Quality Assurance
Additional Information
QUALIFICATIONS 
 
Well-accomplished Member of Association for Computing Machinery - ACM, of the Brazilian Computer 
Society - SBC and Senior Member of Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineering - IEEE, with 19+ 
years of industry experience with systems development for the Internet and heterogeneous systems 
integration. Solid experience in modeling of environment and business processes to be represented on 
Integration Systems environment (EAI). Solid experience with research & development and incorporating 
research results into products. Experienced with distribution and parallelism concerns on the development of 
commercial and scientific projects. Fluent in English and experienced in working in multidisciplinary and 
geographically distributed teams, delegating responsibilities when necessary. Worked in offshore projects with 
USA teams.
Additional Information
SKILLS C# (6 years), Javascript (4 years), Python (2 years), C++ (2 year). 
 
Others: Linux, ASP.NET, AngularJS, NodeJS, MongoDB, MSSQL and Django
Additional Information
Green Belt, CRP(Certified Reliability Professional), Word,Excel,Outlook,CMMS.
Additional Information
- Software developer 6 years ago 
- Proficient in iOS Development (Swift/Objective-C) 
- Windows Phone - C# 
- Android 
- Layout Mobile 
 
Github: https://github.com/robertoveigajunior
Additional Information
Wide ranging IT background 
* Over 10 years experience in IT related roles including ICT Manager, Network Manager and IT Teacher. 
* Experience in understanding the big picture business requirements in respect of network integration, hardware and software and then providing suitable solutions 
* Focussed on results and providing an outstanding IT customer experience 
 
Key IT competencies 
* Skilled in IT Planning, Project Management and Systems Administration 
* Competent in undertaking Site and Infrastructure adds, moves and changes 
* Expert problem solving skills, confidently provides hands-on technical support 
* Ability to take a "Big Picture" view without losing focus of the task or problem 
 
Work ethics and personal characteristics 
* Enjoys a challenge and making an difference to the client / business 
* Honest, displays integrity and a professional 'straight up' image 
* Takes ownership of tasks to ensure positive outcomes
Additional Information
Interests:  
Web standards and new technologies, Software testing, Java programming, Innovation, Creativity, Lean, Scrum, Project Automation Tools, Electronic Payments
