The statement quotes that competition for higher grades limits the quality of learning at all
levels. I partially agree and partially disagree with the statement. Because many times the 
learning depends on the situation and the person who is doing it. Also the statement doesn't
mentions that how should we understand levels of education, whether the levels here are classes
or they are the skills like writing, problem analysis, listening etc.

 The intrinsic nature of the human is to optimize the situation or problem he faces, so that he 
always gets advantages either in short term or long term. In competition this nature is inevitable
to make stratigies to win. In the competition for the grades, the enthusiastic student wants to get
good grades and thus starts making stratigies for that. Some of these stratigies are preparing 
important things only for the exams and not going deep inside the details, the other one is 
learning someting thoroughly and practice it several times such that you become master of it.
The former strategy is the short term strategy which requires less effort and the later one requires
time and effort but it proves efficient and best for long time.

 In the countries like India and China - the population kings, the competition for everything is
so intense even in the things as trivial as getting a seat in the bus. And if this thing happen
in the important domain of education which determines one's careear, the fierceness among the competitiors
increases. Most of the students there in order to get good grades to enter in good univerities 
and getting good jobs learn the things superficially and coarsely, because their ultimate goal is to
get good grades and not to learn thoroughly. Though in short term it seems advantageous to us, in
ling term it proves disaster, because even though the person entered in the university due to
good grades, if he had not learned his base thoroughly he would face extreme difficulties to cope
up with university level education. These happens really in these countries.

 Competition is necessary to enhance the quality of one. Because had there would be no competition
people would do nothing to enhance their abilities and skills because they doesn't require it to be
to survive. The most striking example is Communist Country like Cuba vs. Capitalist Country like USA.
We can observe that lack of competition has made Cuba a very low level country while the USA due to 
competition has flourished. De'facto theory applies in the education or learning. If you would not 
compete you woud not enhance, because due to lack of competition you would not know where you stand
and what should you do in order to increae in rank. Proper planning and time management can solve both
the problems of getting higher grades and learning thoroughlyl, and would not result in deteoriting
quality of learning.

 Hence the competition is meant for making one better or best that what he is now and with proper 
time management and planning one can enhance his grades as well as learning as opposed to what 
the topic of this essay mentions.